readme: Fix the about cycloid section (#6)
cycloidio/terracognita: README.md

To do so, it relies on [raws](https://github.com/cycloidio/raws/) a self-generated AWS reader.

> At this stage, raws supports various technologies. https://github.com/cycloidio/raws/issues/8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this stage, raws supports [various technologies](https://github.com/cycloidio/raws/issues/8).
```

At [Cycloid](https://www.cycloid.io/), Infrastructure As Code is in the company DNA since the beginning. To help our new customers adopting this best practice, we decided to build Terracognita to convert an existing infrastructure on AWS into Terraform code in an automated way, relying on Terraform providers built by the community. We focused on AWS for a first release, but Azure, GCP, Alibaba, Vmware and Openstack will be the next to be integrated.

> We decided to opensource this tool as we believe that it will help people to adopt IaC in an easy way. Cycloid will use this tool to let people import directly their current infrastructure in [Cycloid.io](https://www.cycloid.io/devops-platform-with-ci-cd-container-pipeline), and then being able to generate the infrastructure diagram and manage all the infra/application lifecycle from a single interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We decided to opensource this tool as we believe that it will help people to adopt IaC in an easy way. Cycloid provides this tool to let people import their infrastructure into [Cycloid's pipelines]([Cycloid.io](https://www.cycloid.io/devops-platform-with-ci-cd-container-pipeline), allow them to generate infrastructure diagram and manage all infra/application lifecycle from a single interface.
```

```bash
$ terraform init
$ terraform plan -var access_key=$AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID -var secret_key=$AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY -var region=$AWS_DEFAULT_REGION
```

## License

Please see the [MIT LICENSE](https://github.com/cycloidio/raws/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

## About Cycloid
<p align="center">
  <img width="300" height="300" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/786183670080086016/0O9JzolW_400x400.jpg">
</p>

[Cycloid](https://www.cycloid.io/our-culture) is a European fully-remote company, building a product to **simplify**, **accelerate** and **optimize your DevOps and Cloud adoption**.

We built [Cycloid, your DevOps platform](https://www.cycloid.io/devops-platform-with-ci-cd-container-pipeline) to encourage Developers and Ops to work together with the respect of best practices. We want to provide a tool that eliminates the silo effect in a company and allows to share the same level of informations within all professions.

[Cycloid](https://www.cycloid.io/devops-platform-with-ci-cd-container-pipeline) supports you to factorize your application in a reproducable way, to deploy a new environment in one click. This is what we call a stack.

> A stack is composed with 3 pillars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A stack is composed of 3 pillars:
```

1. the pipeline ([Concourse](https://concourse-ci.org/))
2. the infrastructure ([Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/))

> 3. how to configure the server / deploy application ([Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. the application ([Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/))
```

Please see the [MIT LICENSE](https://github.com/cycloidio/raws/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

## About Cycloid
<p align="center">
  <img width="300" height="300" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/786183670080086016/0O9JzolW_400x400.jpg">
</p>

> [Cycloid](https://www.cycloid.io/our-culture) is a European full-remote company, building a product to **simplify**, **accelerate** and **optimize your DevOps and Cloud adoption**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cycloid](https://www.cycloid.io/our-culture) is a European fully-remote company, building a product to **simplify**, **accelerate** and **optimize your DevOps and Cloud adoption**.
```

> We build [Cycloid, your DevOps platform](https://www.cycloid.io/devops-platform-with-ci-cd-container-pipeline) to help Developers and Ops working together with a respect of the best practices. We want to provide a tool that eliminate the silo effect in a company and allow to share the same level of informations for all professions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We built [Cycloid, your DevOps platform](https://www.cycloid.io/devops-platform-with-ci-cd-container-pipeline) to encourage Developers and Ops to work together with the respect of best practices. We want to provide a tool that eliminates the silo effect in a company and allows to share the same level of informations within all professions.
```

> [Cycloid](https://www.cycloid.io/devops-platform-with-ci-cd-container-pipeline) help you to factorize your application in a reproducable way, to deploy a new environment in one click. This is what we call a stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cycloid](https://www.cycloid.io/devops-platform-with-ci-cd-container-pipeline) supports you to factorize your application in a reproducable way, to deploy a new environment in one click. This is what we call a stack.
```

> A stack is composed with 3 pillars: a pipeline ([Concourse](https://concourse-ci.org/)), the infrastructure ([Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/)), and how to configure the server ([Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/)). Thanks to the flexible pipeline, all the steps and technologies are configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A stack is coA stack is composed with 3 pillars: a pipeline ([Concourse](https://concourse-ci.org/)), the infrastructure ([Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/)), and how to configure the server ([Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/)). Thanks to the flexible pipeline, all the steps and technologies are configurable.
mposed of 3 pillars:
1. the pipeline ([Concourse](https://concourse-ci.org/))
1. the infrastructure ([Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/))
1. the application ([Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/))

Thanks to the flexible pipeline, all the steps and technologies are configurable.
```

To make it easier to create a stack, we build an Infrastructure designer named **StackCraft** that allows you to drag & drop Terraform ressources and generate your Terraform files for you.

Terracognita is a brick that will help us to import an existing infrastructure into a stack to easily adopt Cycloid product.

> The product come also with an Open Source service catalog ([all our public stacks are on Github](https://github.com/cycloid-community-catalog)) to deploy without any knowledge some applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The product comes also with an Open Source service catalog ([all our public stacks are on Github](https://github.com/cycloid-community-catalog)) to deploy applications seamlessly.
```

> To manage the whole lifecycle of an application, it also integrate the diagram of the infrastructure and the application, a cost management control to centralize Cloud billing, the monitoring, logs and events centralized with Prometheus, Grafana, ELK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage the whole lifecycle of an application, it also integrates the diagram of the infrastructure and the application, a cost management control to centralize Cloud billing, the monitoring, logs and events centralized with Prometheus, Grafana, ELK.
```
